https://codepen.io/FrameofLightDesigns/pen/BaZjVoo?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? to create structure for webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? controls the elements behavior and are placed after the element tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? are used for main headings and are the largest size heading. as many as needed. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: email and tel
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata and Title
    7. What is an id? a global attribute that defines the identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? specifies elements for styling between css and html
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all HTML elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? creates an alternate text for when an image won't show up
    15. How do I reference an id? with a "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section groups the content, div does not
    17. What is CSS used for? styling the HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: by calling it's element tag
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: ID identifies one element, class identifies more than one. You would use an id if you want to style a specific child element. You would use a class if you want to style multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?with a "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? matches the children to the parents when being styled. They are useful when you have multiple element tags throughout your page and you only need to style the child tags within a parent element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black; (within the div {})
    29. How do I select everything on the page? "*" the universal tag
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? "pwd"
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? "ls"
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? "git rm"
    34. Why should I use version control? It allows you to keep track of changes over time
    35. How often should I commit to github? Every time I finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? "git checkout -b"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? black elements have top and bottom margins, inline elements do not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An element who's position is absolute
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
